Did he sip every flower, and change every hour, until Polly his  passion requited?
Barkis, Peggotty?
Have you, sir?
a stout gentleman, by  the name of Topsawyer--perhaps you know him?
What dog?
Is there anything at all on your mind now?
What am I to  do, I ask you?
What is your state of mind, Twenty Eight?
What do  you call your girl?
Micawber has accepted?
You have heard something, I des-say, of a change in my expectations,  Master Copperfield,--I should say, Mister Copperfield?
Of a sudden--or so she thowt, you unnerstand--the day broke, wet  and windy, and she was lying b’low a heap of stone upon the shore, and  a woman was a-speaking to her, saying, in the language of that country,  what was it as had gone so much amiss?
to  cancel my articles?
And that fellow with her, eh?
And what’s become of him?
Is Martha with you yet?
How can you ask me anything so foolish?
Are you?
Don’t YOU see a wasting and a wearing in him, Miss Wickfield?
What have we got here?
Henry Spiker?
Oh, she’s not dead, Peggotty?
How can I be otherwise, my own love, when I see your empty chair?
form her mind’?
is  your heart free?
Would you let me fetch another pat of butter, ma’am?
Aye?
Is it the last occupant’s furniture?
On the life before you,  do you mean?
How do you get on?
Do you know,  what I have heard tonight, Agnes,’ said I, strangely seems to be a part  of the feeling with which I regarded you when I saw you first--with  which I sat beside you in my rough school-days?
And didn’t YOU know who it was?
How’s your Ma, sir?
It’s an ingenious thing, ain’t it?
Master Davy, how should you like to go along with me and spend a  fortnight at my brother’s at Yarmouth?
What’s the matter?
Is your heart mine still, dear Dora?
It ought not to be, perhaps,  but what can I do?
why do you go and give  another name, first?
to champion and bring here, is he not?
Is that all the  message?
Were they not?
Does she suggest anything?
I made you, Trotwood?
Who is he?
But you’ll bear in  mind about the money, as theer’s at all times some laying by for him?
Nothing?
Wasn’t he fed, poor thing?
James?
are you a perfect fool?
You didn’t exactly understand me, though?
The second daughter, perhaps?
Traddles?
Martha, is  it you?
I get so miserable and worried, and am so unsteady  and irresolute in my power of assuring myself, that I know I must  want--shall I call it--reliance, of some kind?
Well?
That’s the best way, ain’t it?
No more than that was ever said against her, Minnie?
had set his heart upon her, and she was giddy and liked him, but  his master was resolved that no harm should come of it--more for your  sake than for hers--and that that was their business here?
in some of the meanest phases of both?
Why so?
Would  it, indeed, have been better if we had loved each other as a boy and a  girl, and forgotten it?
You know this gentleman, I  believe?
In what way do you mean?
He had a son with him, hadn’t  he?
All  along you’ve thought me too umble now, I shouldn’t wonder?
Which, of course, you have done?
You remember our last conversation about papa?
Davy dear,  what should you think if I was to think of being married?
How much?
Will you take something?
Who?
Who do you think is going  to be married tomorrow?
to--I wouldn’t distress you, Agnes, but I  cannot help asking--to what we spoke of, when we parted last?
The Russian Prince is a client of yours, is he?
What else  was it possible to infer from what you said, you unkind creature,  when you know as well as I do, that on his account only last quarter I  wouldn’t buy myself a new parasol, though that old green one is frayed  the whole way up, and the fringe is perfectly mangy?
Is that you, Peggotty?
Dead?
Will you trust me?
Will you not walk  back with Trotwood and me?
Traddles within?
Me, ma’am?
than to suppose him  conscious of your existence, when you were not before him?
My heart, who is there upon earth that I could miss so much?
and  what are you doing, Copperfield?
Is there nothing else, Sister?
a very remarkable sky?
that you could advise and counsel Dora a little, for our mutual  advantage, now and then?
Yes, Mas’r Davy?
EH?
But why not say  so?
Don’t you remember Traddles?
Copperfield, is it?
My dear Steerforth, what is the matter?
A fraud on the Bank of England?
Wickfield’s not being well?
To drink?
Don’t he go over to Blunderstone now?
Did you leave her pretty  jolly?
Have you been there long?
My friend Copperfield will perhaps do  me the favour to check that total?
To who, sir?
Is there any last wured, Mas’r Davy?
Will you call me a name I want you to call me?
Mas’r Davy, shall you see her, d’ye think?
Quite alone?
The  ladies are great observers, sir?
And how have you been since?
having experience of what  we see, in the Commons here, every day, of the various unaccountable  and negligent proceedings of men, in respect of their testamentary  arrangements--of all subjects, the one on which perhaps the strangest  revelations of human inconsistency are to be met with--but that mine are  made?
And what is the opinion of Brooks of Sheffield, in reference to the  projected business?
Where’s there?
I think--shall I be quite plain, Agnes, liking him so much?
What money have you got, Copperfield?
Frightened, my own?
ain’t it?
I see you ask me not to speak of  tonight--but is there nothing to be done?
Supposing  nobody should ever fetch me, how long would they consent to keep me  there?
Chillip?
what wind blows you here?
Me?
For the Church?
If you decide to go,  why shouldn’t you go in the same ship?
With no one else?
And win what race?
Agnes, shall I tell you what about?
were you ever married?
HAS he been hiding ever since?
Didn’t you get my last letter?
Maldon is ill?
What do you think of that letter?
But who do you suppose our  other friend is?
This is a wild kind of place, Steerforth, is it not?
How shall we live without, Dora?
Did I mention the Reverend Horace?
Is there anything more I can have the honour of doing for you, sir?
confine  himself to the broad pinions of Time?
Are you sure it was me?
To what, ma’am?
Is that the little gentleman from Blunderstone?
What do I deduce from this?
How do you do, Miss Murdstone?
He died the night before we went to Canterbury?
I asked her if that were not our destination?
And that’s all about it, is it?
Was it really though?
Do you?
What is that?
And do you go too, ma’am?
Will you mind it, if I say something  very, very silly?
What is the matter?
Is the sun-dial glad, I wonder, that  it can tell the time again?
And was David good to you, child?
I asked him how Ham was?
how can you  pretend to be wool-gathering, Dick, when you are as sharp as a surgeon’s  lancet?
How do you know it’s not that?
Joram too--who wasn’t her husband then?
Why, in the name of Heaven, where do you naturally belong?
why not?
You don’t say so?
it was mere purposeless impertinence?
What do you think?
What’s your motive in this?
If I started off at once, and tried to walk back home,  how could I ever find my way, how could I ever hope to walk so far, how  could I make sure of anyone but Peggotty, even if I got back?
Markleham?
Omer?
Why, how should I ever spend it without you?
addressed herself to him, or the like of him, because of her  misfortunes, when do you suppose her small voice would have been heard?
They grow out of our  knowledge, ma’am?
You’ll be worthy of her,  won’t you?
Did I tell you not to speak to me?
An’t they?
Wot job?
He was to be another father  to him, and they were all to live together in a garden of roses, weren’t  they?
Is that another letter in your hand?
No sweethearts, I b’lieve?
Shall I?
Good heavens, Clara, do you see?
Agnes?
Do you hear?
As to his situation--which was a precious one,  wasn’t it?
Now, sir, as he don’t condescend to tell me, what is this?
Had they run away?
Steerforth?
I suppose you are a pretty sharp fellow still?
And patient, Agnes?
Gummidge?
Because I want to ask a question about a house there, that they call  the--what is it?
Minnie, my dear, you  recollect?
Why  should you be so uncomfortable?
What are you talking about, Clara?
How are YOU?
Charley does?
Polly?
Now, is  it?
And has he heard Littimer himself?
Is the mother living?
Do you know anything?
What’s amiss, dame?
I was willin’ a long time, sir?
Was it you, sir?
Frightens my aunt, sir?
Have I called  you down from the stars?
Perhaps you’d like to spend a couple of shillings or so, in a bottle of  currant wine by and by, up in the bedroom?
You are sure?
Well, then, why DON’T you think so?
Don’t you think the fowl may have come out of the country, aunt?
Did he die in the hospital?
If corn is not to be relied upon, what is?
Is it my doing?
Is it--eh?
How are  you both?
Who’s the man?
Do you remember when he did this?
To--?
And how did you receive it, Agnes?
what have you got in that dish?
How dare you trespass?
And there was no settlement of the little property--the house and  garden--the what’s-its-name Rookery without any rooks in it--upon her  boy?
Eh, Daisy?
How long was I to bear this?
How do  you find yourself today?
How do you find yourself, sir?
Say?
Will you come?
You call THAT something to lend?
Would you like to be taught Latin?
What do you care for an Irish song?
Do  you forgive me for all this?
You are not so old, Jip, are you, that you’ll leave your mistress yet?
You mean it is a little dry, perhaps?
Copperfield, that I am not altogether  destitute of worldly possessions, and that my daughter is my nearest and  dearest relative?
Why should it be made a longer  one than is needful?
where’s Dora?
Would you?
And did he frighten my aunt again?
Are they dead, ma’am?
P’raps you might be  writin’ to her?
You are quite happy yourself?
Dick a short name, eh?
Didn’t I know?
Why Rookery?
Do you remember what Steerforth  said to me about this unfortunate girl, that time when I saw you both at  the inn?
Has a body come ashore?
Don’t I think it would have been better to have done nothing, than to  have tried to form my little wife’s mind?
But has she any lover who is worthy of  her?
You know your aunt?
Where is Miss Dora?
What did you do then?
Do you think they would  come?
Made out of a boat, is it?
Up from anywhere, then?
In what is that man assisting him, who never  looks at me without an inscrutable falsehood in his eyes?
Papa calls her my confidential friend, but I am sure she is no such  thing--is she, Jip?
Copperfull?
Why do you bring division between these two mad creatures?
Barkis, we had some grave talks about that matter, hadn’t we?
What is  it?
Spenlow  inquired in what respect?
Dearest, what?
Don’t you think so?
Whether I was at all  in danger of being hanged?
and looking at me down in a valley of cushion by her side,  asked me whether I was happy?
It seems a good deal, don’t it?
May I mention something?
Will you have it now?
Why, how do you come to be here?
Without a story--really?
That father was drownded in?
do you know your mistress’s name?
em, now?
And  not forget poor papa?
Who feels for me?
that your father-in-law is again a neighbour of mine?
Riding today, Trot?
--thousand, do you mean?
and all the circle at Canterbury?
What have  I to do, to free myself for ever of your visits, but to abandon you to  your deserts?
What do you say?
She whispered something, as she asked  was that enough?
Micawber and his  agonized family?
My dear, another glass?
Is there any news today?
Is Sophy the youngest?
What, he spoilt you, I suppose?
Now, what would you give him?
A what?
And what did you do?
Shall I put a little more tea in the pot afore I go, ma’am?
What’s that game at forfeits?
Spenlow what he considered the best sort of professional  business?
Did you think whose it was?
Would you  believe he tried to do without me--in the Life-Guards, too?
the purport of my letter?
Omer, after this long time?
Won’t you speak to Master Davy?
Is she, though?
What’s the report of this boy?
How  can you make yourself so inferior to me, as to show such a bad spirit?
Wouldn’t you go a  day’s journey, if you were in my place?
Ah, Janet, how do you do?
Don’t it--I don’t say that it does, mind I want to know--don’t it  rather engross him?
Did you get nothing, Traddles, after all?
Can you come directly?
Am I in love again?
From what, then?
Is she so,  indeed, sir?
Where are you going?
Not light-headed?
how could I know that you desired  the information?
What answer was sent?
Or would you be persuaded to try a new-laid hegg?
Is he dead?
The sisters took your part, I hope, Traddles?
Our ashes, at a future period, will probably be found  commingled in the cemetery attached to a venerable pile, for which the  spot to which I refer has acquired a reputation, shall I say from China  to Peru?
Good gracious me, WHEN did you come, WHERE have you come  from, WHAT have you been doing?
Where’s mama?
Can you come with me?
Jack?
who’s the man that hides near our  house and frightens her?
but would he take no dinner himself?
It was only whether people, who are like each other in  their moral constitution--is that the phrase?
you know I don’t mean how can you dare,  Peggotty, but how can you have the heart--to make me so uncomfortable  and say such bitter things to me, when you are well aware that I  haven’t, out of this place, a single friend to turn to?
do I strike you in that  way, Copperfield?
or pounds?
May I tell her as you doen’t see no hurt in’t, and as you’ll be so kind  as take charge on’t, Mas’r Davy?
Micawber was?
The rooks--what has become of them?
Why  should I not be in all the world’s power if I am in yours?
You won’t be quite at the other end of the world, will you?
What do you think of the other?
Wheer’s Em’ly?
Oh, what do you want?
Isn’t it a dog, sir?
All the way where?
Is it there?
what is the matter?
You’d like to know whether  I stop her hair from falling off, or dye it, or touch up her  complexion, or improve her eyebrows, wouldn’t you?
Do you remember what you  told me once, about her making all the apple parsties and doing all the  cooking?
What is your separation to ours?
but that he would be glad to hear  from me of what improvement I thought the Commons susceptible?
Will you give me your opinion of it?
Well, Uriah?
really?
How does the world  go?
Isn’t that delightful?
Gummidge say?
Not just yet?
Ain’t you, by G--?
Why should you?
Barkis?
How is he, sir?
You saw the boat completed?
I think  you said sixteen hundred and forty-nine?
Is it possible?
What’s the amount altogether?
You know  Charley?
Can I?
You want to keep the keys yourself, and give out all the  things, I suppose?
And what do you  want here?
Traddles lives in the Inn?
Does he think to  reduce me by long absence?
Should you?
What would he be?
Whether he could do anything, without being brought up to  something?
Where are the birds?
Davy who?
A new one?
Will you laugh at my cherishing such fancies, Agnes?
Is he his own enemy?
What is a proctor, Steerforth?
Are you happy now, you foolish boy?
Do you mean  to go and seek your fortune?
I said, what would be  the expense of this young female?
and that’s a reason why you want relief and change--excitement and  all that?
How?
I asked him where he meant to  go?
What work, then?
Now, what shall we give him, that sum included?
You  don’t mistrust me?
Suppose you were not satisfied  with the Consistory, what did you do then?
IS there anybody?
Barkis’s the carrier’s wife--Peggotty’s  the boatman’s sister--she had something to do with your family?
Beg your pardon, sir?
I then put it to Miss Mills, to say whether she considered that there  was or was not any practical merit in the suggestion I had been anxious  to make, concerning the accounts, the housekeeping, and the Cookery  Book?
Pretty stiff in the back?
and that the  circumstance of Sophy’s being extraordinarily useful at home, ought not  to operate with her affectionate parents, against her establishment in  life--don’t you see?
Who gave him that name, then?
You have heard of her, I dare say?
Don’t you think that any secret course is an  unworthy one?
Copperfield, ain’t I volatile?
Mind, my dear Agnes?
we abandon this buccaneer life tomorrow, do  we?
You are going to a Cathedral town?
Are you sure that it would not be better to try that course?
But you’ll come back to dinner?
What’s to be  done?
Is there anything else?
I suppose it  is, Copperfield, because there is no help for it?
Do you observe?
How can Trot and  I do best, upon our means?
This is a pollis case, is it?
Do you know that she is in London?
If I might ask one other  favour, I hope you would not think it absurd, Copperfield?
What do you look at me for?
shall he come up?
Chrisen name?
Micawber?
You have done your  duty?
and sure you don’t  repent?
You will never sacrifice yourself to a mistaken sense of duty,  Agnes?
Must it?
ain’t they?
What was the Arches?
and is it not a pity that you  should devote the spring-time of your life to such a poor pursuit as I  can offer?
An old one, I believe?
Do you call that confidence, my love, towards Doctor Strong?
What are you waiting for?
Being my limbs, what does it signify?
Do  you know what you have done?
Are you alone?
I shall get a horse, and ride over tomorrow morning, aunt, unless you  will go with me?
Do you know how my little brother is, sir?
A prosperous one?
They?
when are you going over to Canterbury?
And you won’t mind things  going a tiny morsel wrong, sometimes?
Wickfield long?
And the shadow I have mentioned, that was not to be between us any more,  but was to rest wholly on my own heart?
Don’t you see a thinness in him?
Davy boy, how do you do?
Can’t you see I am as umble as I can be?
Where’s Little Blossom?
But who is this that breaks upon me?
what are they doing as to this?
Have you any intention of going away again?
Not little Em’ly?
or of getting yourself into  trouble for conspiracy and so forth?
Did it bite, hey?
You remember, when you came down to me in our little  room--pointing upward, Agnes?
Oh, how much for the jacket?
Then why DO you wait?
If I  couldn’t bear her, why didn’t I send her away to her aunts at Putney, or  to Julia Mills in India?
Would you object to my mentioning it to him, sir?
Why not, my love?
You were brought up by an uncle, then?
Has she become more settled?
Why does Traddles look so important when he calls upon me this afternoon  in the Commons--where I still occasionally attend, for form’s sake, when  I have time?
Oh, you’re a broth of a boy, ain’t you?
What is going to be done with me, Peggotty dear?
Not like a lady’s hand, is it?
Did it change her much?
Ah, Copperfield?
If your more important avocations should admit of your ever tracing  these imperfect characters thus far--which may be, or may not be, as  circumstances arise--you will naturally inquire by what object am I  influenced, then, in inditing the present missive?
Micawber now, sir?
Strong, and gives her all  unconditionally?
Then, why don’t you tell him so, you ridiculous thing?
Is there room for me?
Do you wish  to know what is known of her?
Copperfield,  ain’t I volatile?
But advocates and proctors are not one and the same?
what do you mean by entrapping me into your  schemes?
Did you remain long at Yarmouth, that time?
Why, what’s put that in your silly little head?
Are you sure it is?
Oh, my  lungs and liver, what do you want?
why did she give him money, boy, in the moonlight?
Now suppose, my pet, that we were married, and you were going to buy a  shoulder of mutton for dinner, would you know how to buy it?
Is he coming up from Oxford?
You are going through, sir?
Why, where  does he go a-begging?
Do you think he is old?
Could be?
Miss Shepherd being the one pervading theme and vision of my life, how  do I ever come to break with her?
Is that why you called him a humbug, just now?
Haven’t you, Doady?
How long has he been in the Inn?
What have you done?
Being together, shall we go out now, and try to find her  tonight?
What end?
The same as ever?
Does he say all this?
I was flushed by her summary of delights, and replied that it would  indeed be a treat, but what would my mother say?
There is a great improvement here, ma’am?
You know what I told you about time-servers and  wealth-worshippers?
And what does the boy say?
You’d have betted a hundred pound to five, now, that you wouldn’t  have seen me here, wouldn’t you?
and Miss Murdstone in the New Testament?
for we may not be alone another  time,--how long is it likely to be, my dear Agnes, before you come to  London again?
Would you be so  good as look arter her, Mawther, for a minute?
why  shouldn’t you both go?
but don’t you think you  could do better?
My dear Agnes, do you doubt my being true to you?
I naturally inquired why he was not there  too, instead of pacing the streets by himself?
when King Charles the First had his  head cut off?
Does he know where I am, aunt?
Wot box?
What else do I remember?
Crupp?
Ain’t you?
will you?
and Miss Wickfield are?
What did he do for you?
Should you like to go to school at Canterbury?
Do  you hear him, Papa?
You receive stolen goods, do you?
You and  me know what we know, don’t we?
Where?
What was it they said, Davy?
Well, sir, her cousin--you  know it’s a cousin she’s going to be married to?
Is it a Memorial about his own history that he is writing, aunt?
Why did you try to smoke?
Waterbrook informed me?
Do you know how he is tonight?
You  recollect my mentioning Sarah, as the one that has something the matter  with her spine?
Do you think that you could find her?
What should you--what should I--how much ought I to--what would it be  right to pay the waiter, if you please?
Not a wured to Mas’r Davy?
So, put me down  for whatever you may consider right, will you be so good?
Peggotty, is he?
isn’t she come home?
Shall I--be--given up to him?
Oh, my eyes and limbs, what do you want?
Who knows when we may meet again, else?
Do you care for taters?
My mistress?
You don’t mean to say that there  is any affinity between nautical matters and ecclesiastical matters?
Don’t you, though?
How is SHE?
What did he die of?
Did he tell you you would find him here?
Do you remember that I tried to tell you, when I came home, what a debt  of gratitude I owed you, dearest Agnes, and how fervently I felt towards  you?
How d’ye  do, boy?
Ain’t I volatile?
And the brother and sister are pursuing their old course, are they?
Is that the boat, where I see a light yonder?
I told you I was going out of town?
Did you ever see a crocodile overcome?
or go to  sea?
Don’t  you know?
You don’t remember me?
The boat brought you word, I suppose?
My dear kind Steerforth, how can I tell you what I think of your  generosity?
All, Agnes?
Do I follow you?
Have you observed any gradual  alteration in Papa?
I hope she is well?
And how my dear, dear,  old Peggotty is?
He is very handsome, is he not?
Is that long enough?
Is it lonely, down-stairs, Doady?
Really  conscientious?
Whom are you talking  to?
Favourites?
Are you ill?
Why should I dread your doing  your worst to all about you?
What compensation can you make to ME for opening such a pit between me  and my son?
Do you think it did Edward harm, Clara?
Micawber’s abilities,  or receive the offer of them with contumely, what is the use of dwelling  upon THAT idea?
Then what do I recommend?
Have you got your flute with you?
don’t you come from him?
But--but do you  think it did Edward good?
You will not think the worse of  my umbleness, if I make a little confidence to you, Master Copperfield?
And  you really miss me, Doady?
I took her  to the sign of the exquisite, and treated her with an elopement, her  name’s Emily, and she lives in the east?
What clouds?
One man, referring to the topic they had been discussing, asked  me whether I thought the souls of the collier-crews who had gone down,  were out in the storm?
And how do you think we are looking, Master Copperfield,--I should  say, Mister?
You know what I want?
Traddles live here?
May I speak out, among friends?
Was it?
Why, Doady?
Are you certain?
One or other?
Shall we turn?
Dear Miss Trotwood, is that all the history?
But isn’t it,  though?
Do you think it pretty, Doady?
I don’t mean you?
What can have put such a person in your head?
Who wants a protector?
have you taken  leave of your senses?
What did he mean by talking about favourites, then?
You think it justifiable, do you, Copperfield, you who pride yourself  so much on your honour and all the rest of it, to sneak about my place,  eaves-dropping with my clerk?
I should say he  was--let me see--how old are you, about?
That ship-looking thing?
what do you think of the proctor plan?
Mind, my darling?
Do you think it is nonsense?
You have been to school?
How do you fare to feel about it, Mas’r Davy?
Am I grown?
Do you attend the family?
Master Copperfield?
And what is it?
Copperfield, to which I am irresistibly brought?
The pretty little widow?
Do you imagine that I bestow a thought  on it, or suppose you could do any harm to that low place, which money  would not pay for, and handsomely?
God  forgive me that I should call her so, and she gone where YOU won’t go in  a hurry--because you had not done wrong enough to her and hers, you  must begin to train her, must you?
Did he say anything to you about King  Charles the First, child?
Wickfield still, Agnes?
if I heard the engines?
to buy over my clerk, who is the  very scum of society,--as you yourself were, Copperfield, you know it,  before anyone had charity on you,--to defame me with his lies?
Oh dear me, dear me, do you think it will do me any good?
Will you be silent?
I think, my dear  Clara, even you must observe it?
There was--pardon me--really such a person, and at all in his power?
I think I am earnest and  persevering?
If she married and got rid of  it, which was the best thing she could do, why don’t you give her the  benefit of the change?
Who has done this?
will you forgive me the other night?
What upon?
Are they, though?
Why on monument?
Oh, really?
Clara Peggotty, again?
My love, will you give me your opinion?
Do you think them pretty?
Are they bright, though?
From whom?
Well, my dear Rosa, we have not heard what it is that you want to be  satisfied about?
and speak to her?
Oh, it’s you, is it?
Larkins?
But he could board somewhere else, I suppose?
I said to Miss Mills that this was very true, and who should know  it better than I, who loved Dora with a love that never mortal had  experienced yet?
Now what are you going to do?
to see my misguided husband, and to reason with him?
It’s better for me to be stupid than uncomfortable, isn’t it?
Even  poor, giddy, stupid me?
Why do I do myself  the injustice of calling myself a girl?
Micawber would be eligible as a Judge or  Chancellor?
You thought her looking very  beautiful tonight, Master Copperfield?
Now, Dick,  are you really and truly the philosopher I take you for?
We mean to bestow our confidence where we like,  and to find out our own friends, instead of having them found out for  us--don’t we, Jip?
will you come over yonder?
Is it though?
Conscientious, is he?
But isn’t it a little--Eh?
What’s that?
What  the unmentionable to ears polite, do you think I want with rouge?
Jack Maldon had actually written in reference to himself, and  to whom he had written?
I?
it ain’t  likely that a man so short of breath as myself, and a grandfather too,  would go and strain points with a little bit of a blue-eyed blossom,  like her?
Answer to what?
Are you a prig?
Steerforth, dismissing the subject with  a light nod, and a smile, and the remark that he would be glad to see  the old fellow too, for he had always been an odd fish, inquired if I  could give him anything to eat?
you think she wouldn’t have run away?
is your pride appeased, you madwoman?
What name was it, as I wrote up in the cart, sir?
Will you hold your tongue, mother, and leave it to me?
for they showed me that  Peggotty had been crying all over the paper, and what could I have  desired more?
And ye steer with a rudder, don’t ye?
You would like to be a lady?
You can’t  believe--why should you?
Don’t you, man?
Why, the butcher would know how to sell it, and what need I know?
Do you suppose he has any money, Traddles?
Would it be considered  forward if I was to say to you, sir, in confidence, that since the  sister came to help, the brother and sister between them have nearly  reduced her to a state of imbecility?
Have you dined?
What am I to do?
Copperfield, my dear fellow, how do you  do?
You remember?
Don’t you know?
May I go and tell  him you are here?
You don’t suppose, I hope, that you are  the only plain dealer in the world?
is it far?
Keeping us in sight?
whether, when you talk  about favourites, you showed proper respect to me?
Would he never come?
Did you get that date out of history?
How long ago?
Is that what you have been trying?
Dora, what is that the dog has in  his mouth?
I think we had better leave him behind?
whether it ever came to my knowledge until this moment?
Does your Sophy play on any instrument, Traddles?
And who minds Dick?
Do you really mean that?
Could I defend my conduct if I did not, sir?
where?
Who talked about favourites?
Should I?
is there anything that anyone can do for you?
And when you can do better, you will?
what would it  be, and she away?
I  soon carried desolation into the bosom of our joys--not that I meant to  do it, but that I was so full of the subject--by asking Dora, without  the smallest preparation, if she could love a beggar?
The fact is, when--was it you  that tumbled upstairs, Copperfield?
Who’s your friend?
Paint at all?
Would you know how to buy it, my darling?
What ought I to do then, Agnes?
tis along of me as you’re a-going to  quit us?
I didn’t know, and now I do know, and that  shows the advantage of asking--don’t it?
Her name?
Jip can protect me a great deal better than Miss Murdstone,--can’t you,  Jip, dear?
What is?
and pass the  day with us?
I wonder where they do go, by the  by?
Not Mowcher?
Would you ride with me a little way tomorrow morning?
Has that there  little bill of mine been heerd on?
That’s not it?
I know you’ll  excuse the precautions of affection, won’t you?
If she had never loved  me, could I believe that she would love me now?
Who’s he?
She sat sobbing and murmuring behind it, that, if I was uneasy, why had  I ever been married?
Why--I suppose you would like me as much then, Peggotty, as you do  now?
Do you remember the nights in the bedroom?
I thought you came from Oxford?
Heep?
With the tide?
Why, hasn’t he now?
He  has known me in all that has happened to me, haven’t you, Jip?
Is my master not  here, sir?
tis?
Do you know who this is, who is with  me?
Not  chops?
See what, my dear Jane?
I  trust I give no offence to the companion of my youth, in submitting this  proposition to his cooler judgement?
Do with David’s son?
Who has  made the least allusion to gold watches?
will you keep quiet?
In what light does my Emma view the  subject?
Now my opinion is, that it came into circulation principally on  account of her sometimes saying, at the school, that if she was a lady  she would like to do so-and-so for her uncle--don’t you see?
That  would prevent it?
My love, will you fetch  the girls?
That night when it snew so  hard?
Is Suffolk your county, sir?
You did at last?
What says our aunt on the subject?
By what name?
but would there be a reasonable opening for his talents to  develop themselves--that would be amply sufficient--and find their own  expansion?
you could copy writings, sir, if I  got them for you?
If you please, sir, would you have the goodness to walk in, and speak  to Miss Dartle?
And what’s going to be undertook for that  unfortunate young woman, Martha, now?
Is there any one  forgotten thing afore we parts?
didn’t I say that there was not a joy, or  sorrow, or any emotion of such honest hearts that was indifferent to  you?
Is that far, sir?
Indeed, sir?
to find a man  at Doctor Strong’s time of life, with the strength of mind to do this  kind of thing?
Who’s our friend in the tights?
you have heard me mention David Copperfield?
Who, my life?
Do you know what I can’t help thinking of, Traddles, as I sit here  looking at you?
What’  Em’ly?
Those were happy times, weren’t they?
Is anything the matter, sir?
Would you like to hear it read?
that you are doing well?
Traddles, at number two in the  Court, has not a rising reputation among the lawyers?
If you are to blush to  hear of such things now you are an old married woman, when are you not  to blush to hear of them?
and from eleven o’clock to one, that it was a blessing and  a cheerfulness, and a dignity, and I don’t know what all, eh?
Was it a double tooth, hey?
All day long, little  Minnie has cried for her, and asked me, over and over again, whether  Em’ly was wicked?
Why?
Where’s Annie?
Copperfield into a little loft over a stable?
He must be very good, I should think?
but are you quite  sure--I am certain you’ll excuse me, my dear Jane--that you understand  Davy?
of that  attachment of Agnes?
If he had  been your own boy, you would have put him to it, just the same, I  suppose?
He asked me what  I would have for dinner?
Don’t you think you are afraid of the sea, now?
Am I?
Really musical, isn’t it, my dear Copperfield?
What more can a man expect?
Who else could compare my  brother’s baby with your boy?
Hey?
You haven’t got a sister, have you?
Do you know Twenty Eight’s offence?
Some local irritation, ma’am?
You were an orphan, weren’t you?
Copperfield’s encumbrance?
Has he come home, sir?
Will you walk in, sir?
would you?
that I regard Miss Wickfield  otherwise than as a very dear sister?
How do you find  the beef?
Is  there nobody else in the world to come there?
Who were the  Delegates?
And I have no doubt she loves you like a brother?
Don’t you know that they are both mad with their own  self-will and pride?
Well, ma’am, have YOU got anything to remark?
why do you  think I prefer to sit upon this property of mine tonight?
That is about Miss Wickfield’s time, is it not?
and what would she  wish to do, but lose and hide herself, if she does not go home?
Wickfield, I  hope?
Minnie, is  she worth any six, now?
em home?
Is it, indeed?
You told me so, Copperfield?
And what do you mean by your look?
Does she sing at all?
Indeed?
The theatre?
Is he as soft as ever?
Don’t you expose it  to a good deal of excitement, sir?
What should  it be?
Is he fickle?
Doctor not angry with her, Trotwood?
His son?
I merely say, with quite another view,  you are probably aware I have some property to bequeath to my child?
I suppose you stop here, some time, Master  Copperfield?
Isn’t what a dog?
Has Miss Dartle sent you for me?
Where does he sleep?
Jellips, or whatever his name was, what was he about?
But would you have any objections to  my laying down before the fire?
Jack Maldon, Copperfield?
All to be earned?
Really what?
I might  have been more clever perhaps?
Was I though?
What’s this?
Do you doubt my being what I always have been to you?
Have you thought how, Agnes?
the dear fellow says to the Doctor  himself--where is it?
Where do you come from?
Did she object to it?
What do you mean, Miss Mowcher?
Shall I go away, aunt?
What do you think of that for a kite?
Can I say of her face--altered as I have reason to remember it, perished  as I know it is--that it is gone, when here it comes before me at this  instant, as distinct as any face that I may choose to look on in a  crowded street?
Is this no  injury?
Done what, my dear?
But what is your opinion, Peggotty?
Will you come and see me today, at any time you like  to appoint?
Why don’t you make him speak?
will you go for twopence more?
how do you do?
A Magistrate, eh?
You have heard something, I des-say, of a  change in my expectations, Master Copperfield,--I should say, Mister  Copperfield?
It is very hard, because we have not a kind Mama, that we are to have,  instead, a sulky, gloomy old thing like Miss Murdstone, always following  us about--isn’t it, Jip?
So long as that?
How do you think my Ury looking,  sir?
Is your brother an agreeable man, Peggotty?
Was  your mama well?
Upon your soul?
what kind of life you must have led that  poor, unhappy, misdirected baby?
Aha?
And when you used to tell the stories?
You have no  family, sir?
is it a nickname?
What do you call a price, now, for this here little weskit?
When I can run about  again as I used to do, Doady, let us go and see those places where we  were such a silly couple, shall we?
I thought that kind of life was  on all hands understood to be--eh?
Then, it’s not so?
Can I do nothing--I, who come to you with my poor sorrows?
Should you like to go tomorrow?
From India?
Is that likely?
Where are the books?
Not until then?
But no doubt you are a good deal changed  since then, sir?
Me leave you?
Deny that he is a beggar, Steerforth?
When did she first hear of it?
Will you remember that?
Is this all you mean to give me, then?
Does he keep a school?
And pray, what did you mean by that, sir?
And how are you, old woman?
Why, what on earth does she do here?
What do you suppose he meant?
But we can’t expect a Dictionary--especially when it’s  making--to interest Annie, can we?
What is it?
Copperfield, I trust, as an old and familiar friend,  will not object to receive occasional intelligence, himself, from one  who knew him when the twins were yet unconscious?
Then you all came back again, ma’am?
Do you set a watch upon Miss Wickfield, and make her home no home,  because of me?
What did I know?
Except well?
I ask  you only to tell me, is it anger, is it hatred, is it pride, is it  restlessness, is it some wild fancy, is it love, what is it, that is  leading him?
How dare you to  insinuate that you don’t know my character better than your words  imply?
Has  anyone?
Does it belong to anybody in the neighbourhood?
Don’t you think he would rather have his  favourite old pupil near him, than anybody else?
Barkis at home, ma’am?
You may as well do  that as anything else, I suppose?
Can you think what it was?
Why should  he go to India, except to harass me?
take charge of my unalterable regards and similar entreaties?
Compensation to the lady, sir?
Will you try to teach me, Doady?
Oh, don’t you think he’s changed?
What ceremony, my dear Traddles?
The--?
Are you reconciled?
Ah, but you mean here, at your own home?
Is anything the matter, aunt?
You remember my aunt, Peggotty?
you recollect my skirmishes with Rosa, do you?
You have seen him?
What would it be right to do?
Then, when we  stroll into the squares, and great streets, and see a house to let,  sometimes we look up at it, and say, how would THAT do, if I was made  a judge?
Not yet?
what would you  like for dinner?
YOU love him?
What can I do for you, sir?
Strong would only have to say to her husband--do I  follow you?
I come to know, ma’am, whether he will keep his  wured?
But what’s she to do while we’re away?
Is that all?
He said I should object?
Is that the question?
Do you know, yet, what it is?
Well, sir?
Not paralysis, I hope?
Steerforth coming from Oxford?
Is his new wife young?
Who is it?
Do you mean that there is money, sir?
If you saw me looking out of an upper window, you’d think I was a  fine woman, wouldn’t you?
What can we do, Trotwood?
and you envy me my rise, do you?
The mama?
and it would be in vain to ask you  to go with me?
I mean, are  all these yours?
Was it a selfish error that was leading me away?
What’s become of him?
But what put  marriage in your head?
How do you do, ma’am?
Who are you to make yourself known?
How could I, when, blended with it all, was her dear  self, the better angel of my life?
Wickfield at home, Uriah Heep?
And so you think you were formed for one another, and are  to go through a party-supper-table kind of life, like two pretty pieces  of confectionery, do you, Trot?
Pleasantly, I hope, aunt?
Having got it, why  do you give me the pain of looking at you for another moment, and seeing  what you have become?
Do you think so?
Would you love each other too much, without me?
What is it that’s amiss?
Why don’t you?
Dick, that I might call him Trotwood?
Eh?
And a governess?
a  cherry-coloured ribbon?
She is  at home?
Oh, my lungs and liver, will you go for threepence?
What do you want  of me?
Rather hard, I suppose?
what is  the matter?
Omer at home?
Counting from when?
What do you want with her, boy?
you have not forgotten yourself, I hope?
What  are you thinking of, Trot?
I was encouraged by this closing admission on the part of Miss Mills to  ask her, whether, for Dora’s sake, if she had any opportunity of luring  her attention to such preparations for an earnest life, she would avail  herself of it?
Stay with us, Trotwood, eh?
From Creakle the schoolmaster?
What’s the use of this?
Where were you going now?
but am I keeping you up?
And another shilling or so in biscuits, and another in fruit, eh?
What  he supposed, for example, Ham would do, if he and Steerforth ever should  encounter?
And how’s  your friend, sir?
then this is not my natural manner?
Forgot?
Steerforth has not seen it yet, I suppose?
if I  have an obstinate horse or dog to deal with, what do you think I do?
Who forces it upon him?
Did she tell you why?
I wonder what’s become of her?
Do I know it?
were they all well?
Will you  promise me one thing, Peggotty?
What is that upon your face?
but when I was going to bed at night, asked me if I had got  that book?
What does this portend?
What about that letter you were speaking of at  breakfast?
When, Peggotty?
When are you to meet her at the coach?
Do you know that we have followed you a long way tonight?
Do you recollect where you had it last, Annie?
Are you ready to go, David?
Why do you bring this man here?
No?
Annie?
What shall I do when I  see her?
you have not found any suitable provision for my wife’s  cousin yet?
But there have been  times since, in my manhood, many times there have been, when I have  thought, Is it possible, among the possibilities of hidden things, that  in the sudden rashness of the child and her wild look so far off, there  was any merciful attraction of her into danger, any tempting her towards  him permitted on the part of her dead father, that her life might have  a chance of ending that day?
won’t you speak to me?
And how are they all?
She is very clever, is she not?
it would be better for you to  remonstrate with Mary Anne?
Peggotty?
Would I come and look at  it?
You’re the new boy?
With my school?
What did you say?
Who is?
Nor from me?
would I only come and look at the  range?
Did she say when you might expect to see her again?
Is Miss Wickfield at home?
Why to London?
Wickfield blooming, sir?
To cancel your articles, Copperfield?
What shall you do with him?
how  could I deny her when she give me this to carry for her--knowing what  she brought it for?
You are not going, papa?
Pray, have you thought about that emigration proposal of  mine?
Who has ill-used him, you girl?
But what is the latest news of him?
Amigoarawaysoo?
Why not?
Shan’t I see mama?
What other course was left to take?
You are very lonely when you go downstairs, now?
How is she?
What should I tell?
Pray has this girl been found?
what do you consider me in this  respect?
How am I looking,  Mowcher?
With Peggotty?
I suppose you never draw any skeletons now?
the party was a lady, I think?
Then, when your articled time is over, you’ll be a regular lawyer, I  suppose?
Ain’t  it lucky?
Not a bore, I hope?
Do you see  this?
Have you read it?
Ambition, love of approbation, sympathy, and  much more, I suppose?
Of whom are you jealous, now?
What do you think of him?
Don’t you find it fatigue you?
it’s  not--not--not ROUGE, is it?
Murdstone?
What am I to say, indoors?
Ain’t that lucky?
Whether he could rush to the next assizes, and proclaim himself a  lawyer?
Is that YOUR knowledge of life?
Do?
Am I a naughty mama to you, Davy?
Peggotty, do you mean, sir?
Why do I secretly give Miss Shepherd twelve Brazil nuts for a present, I  wonder?
Ain’t I what?
I hope I see you well,  sir?
how is he?
Aye, aye?
wouldn’t it?
Is my chair there?
For this gentleman?
and isn’t she up  early and late, and going to and fro continually--and doesn’t she do  all sorts of things, and grope into all sorts of places, coal-holes and  pantries and I don’t know where, that can’t be very agreeable--and do  you mean to insinuate that there is not a sort of devotion in that?
We could show her the substance of one, I think?
What does that mean?
He said, what  was it after all?
Are you  rewarded, now, for your years of trouble?
You are not very intimate with Miss Murdstone, are you?
That ain’t a sort of man to see sitting behind a coach-box, is it  though?
Is she so altered?
Where, in the name of  wonder, should his sister, Betsey Trotwood, have run from, or to?
And how is our good friend the Doctor, Copperfield?
Have you got the price of a pint of beer about you?
Can I--or Copperfield--do anything?
Very decided  character there, sir?
What?
How’s mama, dear Peggotty?
Moan?
May I hold the  pens?
Wickfield’s business, and perhaps it might be Wickfield and  Heep?
I beg your pardon, sir?
How do you  do?
Why has HE  done nothing?
What do you mean?
Are you only going to Yarmouth then?
You’re quite a sailor, I suppose?
Copperfield, you think of entering into our profession?
Oh, but, really?
What I would like  to be?
You have  forgot that, I have no doubt, Master Copperfield?
and if she is so silly as to  say so, can I be blamed for it?
How are you, my Bacchanal?
my dear Daisy--will you  mind my calling you Daisy?
When do you propose to introduce me there, Daisy?
What is he doing?
What name?
What’s amiss?
Do you mean the house, ma’am?
And not silly?
If  there are people so unreflecting or so cruel, as to make a jest of  me, what is left for me to do but to make a jest of myself, them, and  everything?
Capital?
But, my good young friend, what’s seventy pounds a year?
Is there anybody here for a yoongster booked in the name of Murdstone,  from Bloonderstone, Sooffolk, to be left till called for?
and how are you?
how shall I tell you, so that you will  believe me, that I know of nothing in Steerforth different from what  there was when I first came here?
Do you remember  when, in his inheritance of your nature, and in your pampering of his  pride and passion, he did this, and disfigured me for life?
You have much to do, dear Agnes?
what did I say just now?
Micawber, and our blighted but rising family?
He then showed me the cane, and  asked me what I thought of THAT, for a tooth?
My own house?
If I have said too much, or more than I meant, what of  it?
You couldn’t speak to me without inconveniencing yourself, Trotwood, I  am afraid?
Sometimes, the speculation came into my thoughts, What might have  happened, or what would have happened, if Dora and I had never known  each other?
Copperfield informed of everything, Rosa?
oysters was in, why not them?
as  to sit there, telling such stories?
Tight in the arms and  legs, you know?
Do you hear me when I tell you that, my darling?
You want to know what, Rosa?
Do you know the Giantess in question, Daisy?
What, not in your own, eh?
now that I DO see and hear you--which, I tell you  candidly, is anything but a pleasure to me?
been here again?
and then, without her knowledge, come to  you, and bring you to her?
Nor him?
Is it a large school, aunt?
Do you stay long here, Littimer?
t, eh, Mas’r Davy?
and it is--very hard--isn’t it?
Won’t you?
bag with a good deal of room in it--is  gruffish, and comes down upon you, sharp?
And that I thus became immeshed in the web  he had spun for my reception?
Has that Copperfield no tongue?
Eh, Trotwood?
What are  you talking about?
Do you waltz?
Micawber, sir?
Copperfield, if you have anything to say in reply?
You have no mother?
Was I making any observation?
When he  told me I had better take a week to consider of what he had said, how  could I say I wouldn’t take a week, yet how could I fail to know that no  amount of weeks could influence such love as mine?
You stay with us, Trotwood, while you remain in Canterbury?
What’s the matter, Dora?
A pupil?
What ship comes sailing home from India, and what English lady is this,  married to a growling old Scotch Croesus with great flaps of ears?
But I can’t always look at him--I know him without that white  thing on, and I am afraid of his wondering why I stare so, and perhaps  stopping the service to inquire--and what am I to do?
Cross, my love?
You are a very handsome  woman, an’t you?
took a paper out  of his desk, and asked me what I thought of that handwriting?
If the public felt  that their wills were in safe keeping, and took it for granted that the  office was not to be made better, who was the worse for it?
What were you doing for Lady Mithers?
Peggotty go away from you?
Are they what?
wished to surround himself  with an atmosphere of Doctors’ Commons, and of Doctors’ Commons only,  what right or desire had we to object?
And why don’t you abandon me to my deserts?
Do she though?
Have you made no remonstrance about  it, Agnes?
You are  playing Booty with my clerk, are you, Copperfield?
Is it Murdstone, ma’am?
Pay us, will you?
Who  was the better for it?
On Dora?
have you?
what has  he been brought up to?
will you go for fourpence?
But what need I know or care  about this fellow, and his common niece?
Whether he had been born  a carpenter, or a coach-painter, any more than he had been born a bird?
Why don’t he go?
Micawber was in the Bush near you?
Does he--do they--aunt?
I hope you won’t think it selfish, Copperfield, if I mention that  the broker carried off my little round table with the marble top, and  Sophy’s flower-pot and stand?
Go for a soldier, do you mean?
Copperfield, will you go  round to the Guildhall, and bring a couple of officers?
What is the matter,  gentlemen?
Are you quite  comfortable?
and I have mentioned to Doctor Strong that--did you speak, sir?
Micawber is out of his difficulties, and at liberty?
What will she do there?
And how is Master David?
Is it likely I would try to make her what I am myself,  knowing what I am myself, so well?
Rather a good marriage this, I believe?
Will you grant me time--any length of  time?
She has a great  admiration for Miss Agnes, Master Copperfield, I believe?
That he may be ready?
to be plain--did no one put in a word for the boy  at that time?
Copperfield?
What are you a talking on?
Your letter is like you, and what  could I say of it that would be higher praise than that?
If you  cannot confidently trust me, whom will you trust?
Nothing, aunt?
I was so young and childish, and so little qualified--how could I be  otherwise?
Any what?
You are not angry, aunt, I trust?
And you mean to say the little thing  is very fascinating, I suppose?
The poor child’s annuity died with her?
I suppose you are quite a great lawyer?
with your shameful lips?
A nautical phenomenon, eh?
what’s he about?
Are you pretty comfortable though?
Why hasn’t she come out to the gate, and what have we come in here  for?
how do you find yourself?
Me, Master Copperfield?
Mama, I hope you have finished?
And Emily?
Mell  came back, and asked me what I did up there?
Have you been studying much law lately?
Is he indeed?
Micawber’s hands--which they don’t--what is the use of that?
What have the people  been about, who have been the busiest in getting money, and in getting  power, this century or two?
What have I done?
Micawber cannot get into  those firms--which decline to answer his letters, when he offers his  services even in an inferior capacity--what is the use of dwelling upon  that idea?
Can’t you, indeed, David?
Isn’t this ungrateful  of you, now?
How do you find yourself?
that you’re not imposed on, eh?
How so, sir?
Oh, you naughty boy, fie for shame, what do you  do so far away from home?
Your husband, aunt?
you have sometimes  plucked a pear before it was ripe, Master Copperfield?
em?
Dick behind, aunt?
What  can that be?
Did you ever breed any  Suffolk Punches yourself, sir?
how much of his help or good will do you think I should ever have had?
Is he in London?
Now you’ll go, won’t you?
I am sure  you’ll be a friend to him, Mas’r Davy?
Is this all your family, ma’am?
What do I mean  by my look?
What do you say, Daisy?
The next in  reversion--you understand me?
It is laborious, is it not?
all the apple parsties, and doos all the cooking, do she?
Have you considered my daughter’s station in life, the projects  I may contemplate for her advancement, the testamentary intentions I  may have with reference to her?
Bare enough, now, an’t it?
When we are at home here, of an evening, and shut the outer door, and  draw those curtains--which she made--where could we be more snug?
How’s the pie?
Oh, you’re a  downy fellow, Steerforth, so you are, and I’m another, ain’t I?
religious still?
Why should you be inconvenienced?
Can you defend your conduct if you do, sir?
How are you, Copperfield?
Ain’t we, father?
Can you cook this young gentleman’s breakfast for him, if you please?
Tell me what should you say, darling?
Why didn’t you tell me  your opinion of me before we were married?
but of course you  don’t--now do you?
Maldon a-norseback, ringing at the  gate, sir?
Run away?
When she told you you would be a judge?
Was that YOUR thought?
Would you be so good as tell us?
When you became engaged to the young lady whom you have  just mentioned, did you make a regular proposal to her family?
To my accepting the offer, and your going with me?
The counting-house, sir?
And do you recollect them?
But if you marry a person, and the person dies, why then you may marry  another person, mayn’t you, Peggotty?
Not the message?
We won’t be confidential, and  we’ll make ourselves as happy as we can in spite of her, and we’ll tease  her, and not please her--won’t we, Jip?
Do you wish to say anything further to  him?
Suppose some of the boys had seen me coming through  Canterbury, wayworn and ragged, and should find me out?
who’s this  you’re bringing home?
You are married, sir, I am  told?
And since I’ve took to general reading, you’ve took to general writing,  eh, sir?
I may go so far?
Is that the reason why Miss Murdstone took the clothes out of my  drawers?
Have you been to the Study, then, mama?
Have you breakfasted?
And what does she say, requiring consideration?
Oh, what shall I do, what shall I do?
Can I ever forget?
Should you like to stay with us, Trotwood,  or to go elsewhere?
What do you want done?
Do you know what my great grandfather’s name  was?
whom you are pleased to call, in a choice of words in which I am not  experienced, my brother’s instruments?
this same Creakle turning his son out of doors, I suppose,  and the life he used to lead his wife and daughter?
Davy, my darling, are you listening?
and you have  really extorted the money back from him?
Micawber, wielding the rod of  talent and of power in Australia, will be nothing in England?
What does my sister say to that?
What faces are the most distinct to me in the fleeting crowd?
Is that you, Peggotty dear?
Thomas Traddles, and if he should still remember  one who formerly had the happiness of being well acquainted with him,  may I beg a few moments of his leisure time?
Mas’r Davy, will you come out a minute, and see what Em’ly and me has  got to show you?
All well, my dear Traddles?
Contented?
Not along of my being heer, ma’am, I hope?
what’s become of Davy’s  great-aunt?
And why didn’t I go away, now, if I couldn’t bear her?
Says you--what name is it?
Jones?
Did you ever buy a  sheet of letter-paper?
What other changes have come upon me, besides the changes in my growth  and looks, and in the knowledge I have garnered all this while?
I am not dreadful now, Dora?
did you hear me tell  you not to wait?
Would you walk into the shop,  Master Copperfield?
You’ve come from The Willing Mind,  Dan’l?
What answer do you make?
You never do anything at  all to please me, do you, dear?
Could I say a word to you before you  go into Court?
Do YOU know me?
What I am saying, is what I said when you first  overpowered me with surprise--you remember how surprised I was?
what’s the matter?
By my look?
would he be unhappy without me?
Is she the eldest?
Can I do anything more, sir?
Who has succeeded to  Miss Larkins, Trotwood?
you will do me the favour to submit yourselves, for the  moment, to the direction of one who, however unworthy to be regarded in  any other light but as a Waif and Stray upon the shore of human nature,  is still your fellow-man, though crushed out of his original form  by individual errors, and the accumulative force of a combination of  circumstances?
How do you  get on, Minnie?
Steerforth quite well?
What is your best--your very best--ale a glass?
Traddles has a rising reputation among the lawyers, I believe?
He’s a young man, sure?
That I want to be satisfied about?
something good to eat and drink,  will you?
How long are the holidays?
and said, with a consciousness of reddening,  that I supposed little Em’ly was altered too, since we used to pick up  shells and pebbles on the beach?
What is your part of the country now?
oughtn’t  it?
Dick--I ask because I don’t know, aunt--is he at all out  of his mind, then?
Where does that responsibility rest?
Micawber’s spirit do?
why should I trouble myself, that a parcel of heavy-headed fellows may  gape and hold up their hands?
What do you consider me, sir?
She asks me, here, if I think I should like to be a  proctor?
How can you do it to me, boys?
What would you have, sir?
Are you going back those many thousand miles, so soon?
Because, if it was so long ago, how could the people about him have made  that mistake of putting some of the trouble out of his head, after it  was taken off, into mine?
Do you mean that you are jealous of a female person?
what shall I do with this child?
Why, what do you mean?
that has looked at me, in my home, at  my fireside, in my boat--wheer not?
Is your  profession really so engaging and interesting as to absorb your whole  attention?
why did you praise her so, and blush, and look disturbed?
I hope you’ll excuse me, if I am  compelled to ask the favour of your name?
What are you talking about?
Maldon?
Where  was this child’s sister, Betsey Trotwood?
and it really  isn’t our umbleness that prevents you, will you come this evening?
How do you suppose he comes to be a Middlesex Magistrate?
To the system?
Have you ever been there?
Are you confirmed in your impression?
And are doing well?
Were you comfortable together?
At any rate, they are all reconciled to it now, I hope?
I have forgot her name?
Walking about?
isn’t he?
or should I  be turned out every night, and expected to come again to be left till  called for, when the office opened next day?
Mas’r Davy, have you seen her?
Or at my saying that I really believe I felt, even then, that you could  be faithfully affectionate against all discouragement, and never cease  to be so, until you ceased to live?
Why should she be inclined to forgive him now?
Again?
Are many of the young ladies with you?
To have died, would not have been much--what can I say?
Say I am seventeen, and say that  seventeen is young for the eldest Miss Larkins, what of that?
Of the Inner Temple, I believe?
Do you mean to  say, child, that any human being has gone into a Christian church,  and got herself named Peggotty?
Not you, I suppose, Agnes?
You have chambers?
David Copperfield?
Did I indeed, sir?
Do you know her?
Micawber’s  abilities would have a fair chance of rising in the social scale?
For the bill that is to be a certain investment?
Weak?
How d’ye do, Barkis?
How do YOU come to be here, Steerforth?
You an’t cross, I suppose, Peggotty, are you?
Consecrate your existence to the recollection of James Steerforth’s  tenderness--he would have made you his serving-man’s wife, would he  not?
The best  school?
What wonderful thing is that?
What can I do?
how can you use me  so?
If it had been my eyes,  what should I have done?
Was it in that year that the man appeared, sir?
and, truer to its loving youth than I have  been, or man ever is, still holds fast what it cherished then?
See it done?
I don’t love you at all, do I?
The last you see on  him--the very last--will you give him the lovingest duty and thanks of  the orphan, as he was ever more than a father to?
Will you be improved?
that waits and waits?
What name would it be as I should write up now, if there was a tilt  here?
Did I see her tonight, Ham, on the sand, after we met you?
I hope I see you well?
If I  have gone a little beyond what you were prepared for, I can go back, I  suppose?
I asked him what he thought Ham’s state of mind was, in reference to the  cause of their misfortunes?
Are they?
Is he ready to go?
Have I got all my traps?
She doesn’t sing to the guitar?
Old lady?
But you are doing us a great service--have  done us a great service, I may say, for surely much will come out of  the fire--and what could we do for you, that would be half so good as to  find the capital?
Will you?
Or if the poor child, his mother, had been alive, he would still have  gone into the respectable business, would he?
David’s son?
are you fond of milk?
What would you do with him, now?
Wickfield’s, where  is she?
Do you hope to move me by your tears?
Where’s mama, Master Davy?
Are you not my own for ever, Dora?
Remember, Agnes?
And now, what have you got to say next?
Is he at home?
to speak plainly,  in your own natural manner?
Wouldn’t that make a difference, Copperfield?
Micawber’s talent is likely to succeed?
do you think Mary Anne has  any idea of time?
Dog?
Creakle and his friends what were supposed to be the main advantages  of this all-governing and universally over-riding system?
What are you doing, you stupid creature?
Have I, Jip?
I suppose history never lies, does it?
Wait for you?
em all my love--especially to little  Em’ly?
To--to Captain Bailey?
What name was it as I wrote up in the cart?
Would eighteenpence be?
What a refreshing set of humbugs we are, to be sure, ain’t  we, my sweet child?
Do you want to spend anything now?
ARE you pretty comfortable?
Alone, and on foot?
Good?
and, observing that I would wait, since he was so good as to  invite me, until his daughter and his son-in-law came back, I inquired  how little Emily was?
His feelings?
What more have you got to bring forward?
Do I know, now, that my child-wife will soon leave me?
Yes, Peggotty?
Have you not seen him, sir?
You wouldn’t relapse, if you were going out?
How can you reconcile it to your conscience,  I wonder, to prejudice my own boy against me, or against anybody who is  dear to me?
My dear boy, I hope you are not  worn out?
You won’t mind?
What’s put marriage in your  head?
Traddles, I have your permission, I believe, to mention  here that we have been in communication together?
Bred them Suffolk Punches by wholesale?
as to the  future, good friend?
It was originally, I think, eight thousand pounds, Consols?
Trot, do you really wish to know what I have had upon my mind lately?
Micawber will strengthen, and not weaken, his  connexion with Britain?
This grew so strong  with me, that I resolved to go back to the yard before I took my dinner,  and ask the boat-builder if he thought his attempting to return by sea  at all likely?
Omer and Joram’s compliments, and how do you  find yourself this morning?
D’ye hear?
Carries a bag?
I wonder why you ever fell in love with me?
are you ill?
Why has she done nothing  to set things right?
Growed, Mas’r Davy bor’?
Do you mean a compliment?
Of our town?
no  injury?
But WERE you ever married, Peggotty?
Whether it was a criminal act that I had committed?
And dear me, it’s a long time ago, now, ain’t it?
And how do you get on, and where are you being educated, Brooks?
Won’t umbleness go down?
Is that your boy, sister-in-law?
you were at it by candle-light last night, when I was at the  club, then?
And are you sure you like me very much?
Did I tell  you Littimer had come down?
Mell?
How was it, having so little in reality to conceal, that I  always DID feel as if this man were finding me out?
do with him?
Have you honours?
Fibbitson today?
You are all right,  Copperfield, are you not?
Barkis, do you mean?
Can’t  he speak?
You’ll be glad to spend another shilling  or so, in almond cakes, I dare say?
Doctor Strong, was that?
Let you stay with your uncle?
What message should she take upstairs?
And so soon?
or that the weather has really  changed?
Who dares malign  him?
Did you give your son the name of Ham, because you lived in a sort of  ark?
Are you  going away soon?
And who’s this shaver?
To whom?
Do you approve of this?
for your own good?
Very sad, is it not?
Now, is it not unjust, and unlike you, to  judge him from what you saw of me the other night?
He pays well, I hope?
With him, aunt?
To degrade YOU?
What mounted?
Why, I want to ask, aunt, as this seems, from what I understand, to  be a limited profession, whether my entrance into it would not be very  expensive?
And do you wish me to go with you?
Smoke?
Have you posts of  profitable pecuniary emolument?
Shooting, sir?
Don’t I know she wouldn’t?
Wickfield?
How has it been  since?
for meaning abroad, and not at home?
What lay are you upon?
Won’t be smoothed down?
Who knows it  better than I?
what does it mean?
My mind ran upon what they would think, if they  knew of my familiar acquaintance with the King’s Bench Prison?
why Rookery?
Mine?
Do you hear me, you fairy spirit?
a little bit more eyebrow?
Old?
Uriah Heep?
You are a precious set of people, ain’t you?
Really?
Do you understand?
and how could she do that well,  unless she went?
Peggotty, dear, you are not going to be married?
Is it really, though?
I hope you have both brought appetites with you?
Umph?
What is the matter with Rosa?
Where have you been?
Is there anybody here for a yoongster, booked in the name of Murdstone,  from Bloonderstone, Sooffolk, but owning to the name of Copperfield, to  be left till called for?
Dick, this morning?
Who is this young butcher?
Have I been silent all these  years, and shall I not speak now?
But what could I do?
Murdstone had devised this plan to get rid  of me, what should I do?
Spenlow, I suppose?
is a thousand pounds?
Stay  with your uncle, Moppet?
Do you recollect him?
Is it possible that I had the  honour, sir, of officiating when--?
When a person’s umble, you know, what’s  an apology?
The climate, I believe, is healthy?
What did Em’ly do?
What is he now?
You are quite changed?
Not, of course, but that my Sophy--pretty name, Copperfield, I always  think?
Where’s mother?
lives in London, I believe?
how do you  come here?
